New Resource: `azurerm_durable_task_scheduler`, `azurerm_durable_task_hub`, `azurerm_durable_task_retention_policy` & New Data Source: `azurerm_durable_task_scheduler` (#32194)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/durable_task_hub.html.markdown

  sku_name            = "Consumption"
  ip_allow_list       = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
}

resource "azurerm_durable_task_hub" "example" {
  name         = "example-durable-task-hub"
  scheduler_id = azurerm_durable_task_scheduler.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Durable Task Hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `scheduler_id` - (Required) The ID of the Durable Task Scheduler where the Task Hub should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Durable Task Hub.

* `dashboard_url` - The URL of the dashboard for the Durable Task Hub.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/configure#define-operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Durable Task Hub.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Durable Task Hub.

> * `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Durable Task Hub.

Reviewer: Same here, let's format `default` values using the required 'Defaults to `value`' pattern in the Timeouts section.

```suggestion
* `create` - Defaults to `30 minutes`. Used when creating the Durable Task Hub.
* `read` - Defaults to `5 minutes`. Used when retrieving the Durable Task Hub.
* `delete` - Defaults to `30 minutes`. Used when deleting the Durable Task Hub.
```
Reference: [reference-documentation-standards](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/main/contributing/topics/reference-documentation-standards.md)

## Import

> Durable Task Hubs can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: The `import` section must use a singular lead-in statement instead of a plural form:

```suggestion
A Durable Task Hub can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```
Reference: [reference-documentation-standards](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/main/contributing/topics/reference-documentation-standards.md)

Author: Fixed
